r-universe detected (#66)
ThinkR-open/attachment: vignettes/a-fill-pkg-description.Rmd

For instance:

- For GitHub: `Remotes: thinkr-open/attachment`
- For GitLab: `Remotes: gitlab::jimhester/covr`
- For Git: `Remotes: git::https://theurl/package_git.git`
- For local package: `Remotes: local::c:\mylocalpackage` or `Remotes: local::subdir/mylocalpackage`
- For Bioconductor: `Remotes: bioc::3.3/package_bioc`

> - For r-universe: `Remotes: url::https://thinkr-open.r-universe.dev/src/contrib/fusen_0.4.0.9000.tar.gz`

Author: ```suggestion
- For r-universe: Show a message to inform how to use r-universe with `options`, like `r-universe: need to set options to repos="https://thinkr-open.r-universe.dev"`
```
